Both the page title and meta description are missing keywords.
You need to use titles and descriptions that are attractive to users and contain your keywords. Use the keywords naturally - keyword stuffing is usually detected and will result in a lower ranking. What's more, it's pretty off-putting for potential readers, who are more likely to click on an appealing link.

No H1 tag was found. For the best SEO results there should be exactly one H1 tag on each page.
WordPress sites usually insert the page or post title as an H1 tag (although custom themes can change this behavior).

Ensure your most important keywords appear in the H1 tag - don't force it, use them in a natural way that makes sense to human readers.

Because your headline plays a large role in reader engagement, it's worth spending extra time perfecting it. Many top copywriters spend hours getting their headlines just right - sometimes they spend longer on the headline than the rest of the article!

A good headline stimulates reader interest and offers a compelling reason to read your content. It promises a believable benefit.

You should write as if your readers are selfish people with short attention spans (because that describes a large percentage of the world's population). Readers visit websites for selfish reasons - they're not there to make you happy.

No H2 tags were found on the page.




All images on the page have alt attributes.

No internal links were found on the page.
Internal: 0

External: 0

Add links to external resources that are useful for your readers. Make sure you link to high-quality sites - Google penalizes pages that link to "spammy" sites (ones that break the Google webmaster guidelines).

Ideally, the links should be highly relevant to the subject you're writing about. It's impossible to cover every aspect of a subject on a single page, but your readers may be fascinated by some detail you barely touch on. If you link to a resource where they can learn more, they'll be grateful. What's more, you'll be rewarded with higher rankings!